Seek not the words of the xenos, lest they infect us with blasphemy.
Without a Standard Model, there is naught but madness and Chaos among the stars.
Thus does the Enemy seek to crush our spirit, for our souls are our most potent weapon.
If it resembles a heretic, if it speaks like a heretic, and if it be redolent to the nose, as if like a heretic, then a heretic it will be!
We fight the foe’s battle for him, when we take his words into our hearts.
No task that is easy is ever worthwhile.
Failure is unique among sin, in that we can turn it into a virtue when it drives us to succeed.
There are horrors in this galaxy that only faith and steel can overcome, and that we should be grateful we shall never fully understand.
Grant a coward the excuse to retreat from the battlefield and he will never fight again.
Look not upon the alien, for the alien looks back.
The Enemy rushes to action, when our ministrations cause him fear
If it is worth doing, it is worth doing to completion.
In the presence of the xenos lies the invisible miasma of corruption.
And we shall cast them down, that corrupt by their presence; We shall break the teeth of the xenos that would swallow us whole.
They need not rend us with their blades. They have but to make us witness them, and thereby can we fall.
Fragile indeed are the tools of the righteous.
The only will of the Machine Spirit is that of the Omnissian technologies, for the Xenos will deceive you and tempt you, but you will not falter, for you are a Priest.
Inefficiency is a slope whereupon one slides ever downwards, by degrees, until one reaches the nadir unknowing.
When we muse on the works of the enemy, we invite him into our minds.
Where corruption remains, men will fall.
Let the weaker in mind follow the words of the strong!
Rejoice. Give thanks. For we are but one step now from triumph.
Thus are the wages of those who delve too deep.
Show caution and scorn in all things.
It’s not work if you enjoy it.
A Tech-Priest eschews the illogicality of fear, the unbalanced equation of doubt, the broken circuit of failure.
Enough fire in the right place can solve any problem.
Blessed is he who, in death, does his duty.
There can be no forgiveness now. No penitence that will satisfy my sin.
Death itself is scarcely an excuse for the sin of duty undone.
Protect the shield of the mind, and the body will be shielded thereby.
Wheresoever the blasphemer writes, obliterate.
Men fuelled by the righteousness of their purpose can achieve what armies cannot.
The Lord of Mars is with us in the dark, even if thou knowest it not.
We are all but a weapon in the right hand of the Emperor.
Not all data should be acquired.
Cursed be silence, when the Omnissiah’s word should ring out.
And endeavour is its own reward.
When the final analysis is fully calculated, all equations balance against righteous annihilation.
Above bullets, above blades, care for your soul above all.
He who prosecutes the alien with zeal, is the ally of Mankind.
By Flame Shall The Unclean Be Made Clean, By Fire Shall The Unholy Be Made Holy.
Even in the deepest darkness, give devotion to the Omnissiah, for there He is needed the most.
Be thou wary of the works of the alien, for their presence is poison and their every word deceit.
He who aids the blasphemer, even through ignorance, has the blood of the faithful upon his hands!
Obliterate his words, cut out his tongue, put to fire all wrought by his hand, and the heretic shall cease to exist.
Purification is the prelude to annihilation.
He who sows doubt is as blameful as he who sheds blood.
When the enemy begs for destruction, do not let him go hungry.
Thus do we invoke the Machine God. Thus do we make whole that which was sundered.
The tree of heresy persists were its roots be not torn up.
It is a rare man whose faith survives the failings of his superiors.
The sweet incense of faith conquers the toxic stench of corruption.
Wheresoever the sacred man tread, led it be made pure, or say he is not sacred.
Ware the script of the enemy! For writ into its lies are the seeds of corruption.
Bleak be the prospects, when the black wind of heresy blows.
Knowledge will ever be a blessing and a curse.
Annihilation. Not exile, submission or subjugation. For the xenos, only annihilation.
Then into the teeth of the enemy we shall stride.
Seek profane knowledge, and find profane fates.
